alpha one to alpha two
alpha one to alpha three
alpha one to alpha four
alpha one to alpha five
alpha one to alpha six
alpha one to alpha seven
alpha one to alpha eight
alpha one to bravo one
alpha one to bravo two
alpha one to bravo three
alpha one to bravo four
alpha one to bravo five
alpha one to bravo six
alpha one to bravo seven
alpha one to bravo eight
alpha one to charlie one
alpha one to charlie two
alpha one to charlie three
alpha one to charlie four
alpha one to charlie five
alpha one to charlie six
alpha one to charlie seven
alpha one to charlie eight
alpha one to delta one
alpha one to delta two
alpha one to delta three
alpha one to delta four
alpha one to delta five
alpha one to delta six
alpha one to delta seven
alpha one to delta eight
alpha one to echo one
alpha one to echo two
alpha one to echo three
alpha one to echo four
alpha one to echo five
alpha one to echo six
alpha one to echo seven
alpha one to echo eight
alpha one to foxtrot one
alpha one to foxtrot two
alpha one to foxtrot three
alpha one to foxtrot four
alpha one to foxtrot five
alpha one to foxtrot six
alpha one to foxtrot seven
alpha one to foxtrot eight
alpha one to golf one
alpha one to golf two
alpha one to golf three
alpha one to golf four
alpha one to golf five
alpha one to golf six
alpha one to golf seven
alpha one to golf eight
alpha one to hotel one
alpha one to hotel two
alpha one to hotel three
alpha one to hotel four
alpha one to hotel five
alpha one to hotel six
alpha one to hotel seven
alpha one to hotel eight
alpha two to alpha one
alpha two to alpha three
alpha two to alpha four
alpha two to alpha five
alpha two to alpha six
alpha two to alpha seven
alpha two to alpha eight
alpha two to bravo one
alpha two to bravo two
alpha two to bravo three
alpha two to bravo four
alpha two to bravo five
alpha two to bravo six
alpha two to bravo seven
alpha two to bravo eight
alpha two to charlie one
alpha two to charlie two
alpha two to charlie three
alpha two to charlie four
alpha two to charlie five
alpha two to charlie six
alpha two to charlie seven
alpha two to charlie eight
alpha two to delta one
alpha two to delta two
alpha two to delta three
alpha two to delta four
alpha two to delta five
alpha two to delta six
alpha two to delta seven
alpha two to delta eight
alpha two to echo one
alpha two to echo two
alpha two to echo three
alpha two to echo four
alpha two to echo five
alpha two to echo six
alpha two to echo seven
alpha two to echo eight
alpha two to foxtrot one
alpha two to foxtrot two
alpha two to foxtrot three
alpha two to foxtrot four
alpha two to foxtrot five
alpha two to foxtrot six
alpha two to foxtrot seven
alpha two to foxtrot eight
alpha two to golf one
alpha two to golf two
alpha two to golf three
alpha two to golf four
alpha two to golf five
alpha two to golf six
alpha two to golf seven
alpha two to golf eight
alpha two to hotel one
alpha two to hotel two
alpha two to hotel three
alpha two to hotel four
alpha two to hotel five
alpha two to hotel six
alpha two to hotel seven
alpha two to hotel eight
alpha three to alpha one
alpha three to alpha two
alpha three to alpha four
alpha three to alpha five
alpha three to alpha six
alpha three to alpha seven
alpha three to alpha eight
alpha three to bravo one
alpha three to bravo two
alpha three to bravo three
alpha three to bravo four
alpha three to bravo five
alpha three to bravo six
alpha three to bravo seven
alpha three to bravo eight
alpha three to charlie one
alpha three to charlie two
alpha three to charlie three
alpha three to charlie four
alpha three to charlie five
alpha three to charlie six
alpha three to charlie seven
alpha three to charlie eight
alpha three to delta one
alpha three to delta two
alpha three to delta three
alpha three to delta four
alpha three to delta five
alpha three to delta six
alpha three to delta seven
alpha three to delta eight
alpha three to echo one
alpha three to echo two
alpha three to echo three
alpha three to echo four
alpha three to echo five
alpha three to echo six
alpha three to echo seven
alpha three to echo eight
alpha three to foxtrot one
alpha three to foxtrot two
alpha three to foxtrot three
alpha three to foxtrot four
alpha three to foxtrot five
alpha three to foxtrot six
alpha three to foxtrot seven
alpha three to foxtrot eight
alpha three to golf one
alpha three to golf two
alpha three to golf three
alpha three to golf four
alpha three to golf five
alpha three to golf six
alpha three to golf seven
alpha three to golf eight
alpha three to hotel one
alpha three to hotel two
alpha three to hotel three
alpha three to hotel four
alpha three to hotel five
alpha three to hotel six
alpha three to hotel seven
alpha three to hotel eight
alpha four to alpha one
alpha four to alpha two
alpha four to alpha three
alpha four to alpha five
alpha four to alpha six
alpha four to alpha seven
alpha four to alpha eight
alpha four to bravo one
alpha four to bravo two
alpha four to bravo three
alpha four to bravo four
alpha four to bravo five
alpha four to bravo six
alpha four to bravo seven
alpha four to bravo eight
alpha four to charlie one
alpha four to charlie two
alpha four to charlie three
alpha four to charlie four
alpha four to charlie five
alpha four to charlie six
alpha four to charlie seven
alpha four to charlie eight
alpha four to delta one
alpha four to delta two
alpha four to delta three
alpha four to delta four
alpha four to delta five
alpha four to delta six
alpha four to delta seven
alpha four to delta eight
alpha four to echo one
alpha four to echo two
alpha four to echo three
alpha four to echo four
alpha four to echo five
alpha four to echo six
alpha four to echo seven
alpha four to echo eight
alpha four to foxtrot one
alpha four to foxtrot two
alpha four to foxtrot three
alpha four to foxtrot four
alpha four to foxtrot five
alpha four to foxtrot six
alpha four to foxtrot seven
alpha four to foxtrot eight
alpha four to golf one
alpha four to golf two
alpha four to golf three
alpha four to golf four
alpha four to golf five
alpha four to golf six
alpha four to golf seven
alpha four to golf eight
alpha four to hotel one
alpha four to hotel two
alpha four to hotel three
alpha four to hotel four
alpha four to hotel five
alpha four to hotel six
alpha four to hotel seven
alpha four to hotel eight
alpha five to alpha one
alpha five to alpha two
alpha five to alpha three
alpha five to alpha four
alpha five to alpha six
alpha five to alpha seven
alpha five to alpha eight
alpha five to bravo one
alpha five to bravo two
alpha five to bravo three
alpha five to bravo four
alpha five to bravo five
alpha five to bravo six
alpha five to bravo seven
alpha five to bravo eight
alpha five to charlie one
alpha five to charlie two
alpha five to charlie three
alpha five to charlie four
alpha five to charlie five
alpha five to charlie six
alpha five to charlie seven
alpha five to charlie eight
alpha five to delta one
alpha five to delta two
alpha five to delta three
alpha five to delta four
alpha five to delta five
alpha five to delta six
alpha five to delta seven
alpha five to delta eight
alpha five to echo one
alpha five to echo two
alpha five to echo three
alpha five to echo four
alpha five to echo five
alpha five to echo six
alpha five to echo seven
alpha five to echo eight
alpha five to foxtrot one
alpha five to foxtrot two
alpha five to foxtrot three
alpha five to foxtrot four
alpha five to foxtrot five
alpha five to foxtrot six
alpha five to foxtrot seven
alpha five to foxtrot eight
alpha five to golf one
alpha five to golf two
alpha five to golf three
alpha five to golf four
alpha five to golf five
alpha five to golf six
alpha five to golf seven
alpha five to golf eight
alpha five to hotel one
alpha five to hotel two
alpha five to hotel three
alpha five to hotel four
alpha five to hotel five
alpha five to hotel six
alpha five to hotel seven
alpha five to hotel eight
alpha six to alpha one
alpha six to alpha two
alpha six to alpha three
alpha six to alpha four
alpha six to alpha five
alpha six to alpha seven
alpha six to alpha eight
alpha six to bravo one
alpha six to bravo two
alpha six to bravo three
alpha six to bravo four
alpha six to bravo five
alpha six to bravo six
alpha six to bravo seven
alpha six to bravo eight
alpha six to charlie one
alpha six to charlie two
alpha six to charlie three
alpha six to charlie four
alpha six to charlie five
alpha six to charlie six
alpha six to charlie seven
alpha six to charlie eight
alpha six to delta one
alpha six to delta two
alpha six to delta three
alpha six to delta four
alpha six to delta five
alpha six to delta six
alpha six to delta seven
alpha six to delta eight
alpha six to echo one
alpha six to echo two
alpha six to echo three
alpha six to echo four
alpha six to echo five
alpha six to echo six
alpha six to echo seven
alpha six to echo eight
alpha six to foxtrot one
alpha six to foxtrot two
alpha six to foxtrot three
alpha six to foxtrot four
alpha six to foxtrot five
alpha six to foxtrot six
alpha six to foxtrot seven
alpha six to foxtrot eight
alpha six to golf one
alpha six to golf two
alpha six to golf three
alpha six to golf four
alpha six to golf five
alpha six to golf six
alpha six to golf seven
alpha six to golf eight
alpha six to hotel one
alpha six to hotel two
alpha six to hotel three
alpha six to hotel four
alpha six to hotel five
alpha six to hotel six
alpha six to hotel seven
alpha six to hotel eight
alpha seven to alpha one
alpha seven to alpha two
alpha seven to alpha three
alpha seven to alpha four
alpha seven to alpha five
alpha seven to alpha six
alpha seven to alpha eight
alpha seven to bravo one
alpha seven to bravo two
alpha seven to bravo three
alpha seven to bravo four
alpha seven to bravo five
alpha seven to bravo six
alpha seven to bravo seven
alpha seven to bravo eight
alpha seven to charlie one
alpha seven to charlie two
alpha seven to charlie three
alpha seven to charlie four
alpha seven to charlie five
alpha seven to charlie six
alpha seven to charlie seven
alpha seven to charlie eight
alpha seven to delta one
alpha seven to delta two
alpha seven to delta three
alpha seven to delta four
alpha seven to delta five
alpha seven to delta six
alpha seven to delta seven
alpha seven to delta eight
alpha seven to echo one
alpha seven to echo two
alpha seven to echo three
alpha seven to echo four
alpha seven to echo five
alpha seven to echo six
alpha seven to echo seven
alpha seven to echo eight
alpha seven to foxtrot one
alpha seven to foxtrot two
alpha seven to foxtrot three
alpha seven to foxtrot four
alpha seven to foxtrot five
alpha seven to foxtrot six
alpha seven to foxtrot seven
alpha seven to foxtrot eight
alpha seven to golf one
alpha seven to golf two
alpha seven to golf three
alpha seven to golf four
alpha seven to golf five
alpha seven to golf six
alpha seven to golf seven
alpha seven to golf eight
alpha seven to hotel one
alpha seven to hotel two
alpha seven to hotel three
alpha seven to hotel four
alpha seven to hotel five
alpha seven to hotel six
alpha seven to hotel seven
alpha seven to hotel eight
alpha eight to alpha one
alpha eight to alpha two
alpha eight to alpha three
alpha eight to alpha four
alpha eight to alpha five
alpha eight to alpha six
alpha eight to alpha seven
alpha eight to bravo one
alpha eight to bravo two
alpha eight to bravo three
alpha eight to bravo four
alpha eight to bravo five
alpha eight to bravo six
alpha eight to bravo seven
alpha eight to bravo eight
alpha eight to charlie one
alpha eight to charlie two
alpha eight to charlie three
alpha eight to charlie four
alpha eight to charlie five
alpha eight to charlie six
alpha eight to charlie seven
alpha eight to charlie eight
alpha eight to delta one
alpha eight to delta two
alpha eight to delta three
alpha eight to delta four
alpha eight to delta five
alpha eight to delta six
alpha eight to delta seven
alpha eight to delta eight
alpha eight to echo one
alpha eight to echo two
alpha eight to echo three
alpha eight to echo four
alpha eight to echo five
alpha eight to echo six
alpha eight to echo seven
alpha eight to echo eight
alpha eight to foxtrot one
alpha eight to foxtrot two
alpha eight to foxtrot three
alpha eight to foxtrot four
alpha eight to foxtrot five
alpha eight to foxtrot six
alpha eight to foxtrot seven
alpha eight to foxtrot eight
alpha eight to golf one
alpha eight to golf two
alpha eight to golf three
alpha eight to golf four
alpha eight to golf five
alpha eight to golf six
alpha eight to golf seven
alpha eight to golf eight
alpha eight to hotel one
alpha eight to hotel two
alpha eight to hotel three
alpha eight to hotel four
alpha eight to hotel five
alpha eight to hotel six
alpha eight to hotel seven
alpha eight to hotel eight
bravo one to alpha one
bravo one to alpha two
bravo one to alpha three
bravo one to alpha four
bravo one to alpha five
bravo one to alpha six
bravo one to alpha seven
bravo one to alpha eight
bravo one to bravo two
bravo one to bravo three
bravo one to bravo four
bravo one to bravo five
bravo one to bravo six
bravo one to bravo seven
bravo one to bravo eight
bravo one to charlie one
bravo one to charlie two
bravo one to charlie three
bravo one to charlie four
bravo one to charlie five
bravo one to charlie six
bravo one to charlie seven
bravo one to charlie eight
bravo one to delta one
bravo one to delta two
bravo one to delta three
bravo one to delta four
bravo one to delta five
bravo one to delta six
bravo one to delta seven
bravo one to delta eight
bravo one to echo one
bravo one to echo two
bravo one to echo three
bravo one to echo four
bravo one to echo five
bravo one to echo six
bravo one to echo seven
bravo one to echo eight
bravo one to foxtrot one
bravo one to foxtrot two
bravo one to foxtrot three
bravo one to foxtrot four
bravo one to foxtrot five
bravo one to foxtrot six
bravo one to foxtrot seven
bravo one to foxtrot eight
bravo one to golf one
bravo one to golf two
bravo one to golf three
bravo one to golf four
bravo one to golf five
bravo one to golf six
bravo one to golf seven
bravo one to golf eight
bravo one to hotel one
bravo one to hotel two
bravo one to hotel three
bravo one to hotel four
bravo one to hotel five
bravo one to hotel six
bravo one to hotel seven
bravo one to hotel eight
bravo two to alpha one
bravo two to alpha two
bravo two to alpha three
bravo two to alpha four
bravo two to alpha five
bravo two to alpha six
bravo two to alpha seven
bravo two to alpha eight
bravo two to bravo one
bravo two to bravo three
bravo two to bravo four
bravo two to bravo five
bravo two to bravo six
bravo two to bravo seven
bravo two to bravo eight
bravo two to charlie one
bravo two to charlie two
bravo two to charlie three
bravo two to charlie four
bravo two to charlie five
bravo two to charlie six
bravo two to charlie seven
bravo two to charlie eight
bravo two to delta one
bravo two to delta two
bravo two to delta three
bravo two to delta four
bravo two to delta five
bravo two to delta six
bravo two to delta seven
bravo two to delta eight
bravo two to echo one
bravo two to echo two
bravo two to echo three
bravo two to echo four
bravo two to echo five
bravo two to echo six
bravo two to echo seven
bravo two to echo eight
bravo two to foxtrot one
bravo two to foxtrot two
bravo two to foxtrot three
bravo two to foxtrot four
bravo two to foxtrot five
bravo two to foxtrot six
bravo two to foxtrot seven
bravo two to foxtrot eight
bravo two to golf one
bravo two to golf two
bravo two to golf three
bravo two to golf four
bravo two to golf five
bravo two to golf six
bravo two to golf seven
bravo two to golf eight
bravo two to hotel one
bravo two to hotel two
bravo two to hotel three
bravo two to hotel four
bravo two to hotel five
bravo two to hotel six
bravo two to hotel seven
bravo two to hotel eight
bravo three to alpha one
bravo three to alpha two
bravo three to alpha three
bravo three to alpha four
bravo three to alpha five
bravo three to alpha six
bravo three to alpha seven
bravo three to alpha eight
bravo three to bravo one
bravo three to bravo two
bravo three to bravo four
bravo three to bravo five
bravo three to bravo six
bravo three to bravo seven
bravo three to bravo eight
bravo three to charlie one
bravo three to charlie two
bravo three to charlie three
bravo three to charlie four
bravo three to charlie five
bravo three to charlie six
bravo three to charlie seven
bravo three to charlie eight
bravo three to delta one
bravo three to delta two
bravo three to delta three
bravo three to delta four
bravo three to delta five
bravo three to delta six
bravo three to delta seven
bravo three to delta eight
bravo three to echo one
bravo three to echo two
bravo three to echo three
bravo three to echo four
bravo three to echo five
bravo three to echo six
bravo three to echo seven
bravo three to echo eight
bravo three to foxtrot one
bravo three to foxtrot two
bravo three to foxtrot three
bravo three to foxtrot four
bravo three to foxtrot five
bravo three to foxtrot six
bravo three to foxtrot seven
bravo three to foxtrot eight
bravo three to golf one
bravo three to golf two
bravo three to golf three
bravo three to golf four
bravo three to golf five
bravo three to golf six
bravo three to golf seven
bravo three to golf eight
bravo three to hotel one
bravo three to hotel two
bravo three to hotel three
bravo three to hotel four
bravo three to hotel five
bravo three to hotel six
bravo three to hotel seven
bravo three to hotel eight
bravo four to alpha one
bravo four to alpha two
bravo four to alpha three
bravo four to alpha four
bravo four to alpha five
bravo four to alpha six
bravo four to alpha seven
bravo four to alpha eight
bravo four to bravo one
bravo four to bravo two
bravo four to bravo three
bravo four to bravo five
bravo four to bravo six
bravo four to bravo seven
bravo four to bravo eight
bravo four to charlie one
bravo four to charlie two
bravo four to charlie three
bravo four to charlie four
bravo four to charlie five
bravo four to charlie six
bravo four to charlie seven
bravo four to charlie eight
bravo four to delta one
bravo four to delta two
bravo four to delta three
bravo four to delta four
bravo four to delta five
bravo four to delta six
bravo four to delta seven
bravo four to delta eight
bravo four to echo one
bravo four to echo two
bravo four to echo three
bravo four to echo four
bravo four to echo five
bravo four to echo six
bravo four to echo seven
bravo four to echo eight
bravo four to foxtrot one
bravo four to foxtrot two
bravo four to foxtrot three
bravo four to foxtrot four
bravo four to foxtrot five
bravo four to foxtrot six
bravo four to foxtrot seven
bravo four to foxtrot eight
bravo four to golf one
bravo four to golf two
bravo four to golf three
bravo four to golf four
bravo four to golf five
bravo four to golf six
bravo four to golf seven
bravo four to golf eight
bravo four to hotel one
bravo four to hotel two
bravo four to hotel three
bravo four to hotel four
bravo four to hotel five
bravo four to hotel six
bravo four to hotel seven
bravo four to hotel eight
bravo five to alpha one
bravo five to alpha two
bravo five to alpha three
bravo five to alpha four
bravo five to alpha five
bravo five to alpha six
bravo five to alpha seven
bravo five to alpha eight
bravo five to bravo one
bravo five to bravo two
bravo five to bravo three
bravo five to bravo four
bravo five to bravo six
bravo five to bravo seven
bravo five to bravo eight
bravo five to charlie one
bravo five to charlie two
bravo five to charlie three
bravo five to charlie four
bravo five to charlie five
bravo five to charlie six
bravo five to charlie seven
bravo five to charlie eight
bravo five to delta one
bravo five to delta two
bravo five to delta three
bravo five to delta four
bravo five to delta five
bravo five to delta six
bravo five to delta seven
bravo five to delta eight
bravo five to echo one
bravo five to echo two
bravo five to echo three
bravo five to echo four
bravo five to echo five
bravo five to echo six
bravo five to echo seven
bravo five to echo eight
bravo five to foxtrot one
bravo five to foxtrot two
bravo five to foxtrot three
bravo five to foxtrot four
bravo five to foxtrot five
bravo five to foxtrot six
bravo five to foxtrot seven
bravo five to foxtrot eight
bravo five to golf one
bravo five to golf two
bravo five to golf three
bravo five to golf four
bravo five to golf five
bravo five to golf six
bravo five to golf seven
bravo five to golf eight
bravo five to hotel one
bravo five to hotel two
bravo five to hotel three
bravo five to hotel four
bravo five to hotel five
bravo five to hotel six
bravo five to hotel seven
bravo five to hotel eight
bravo six to alpha one
bravo six to alpha two
bravo six to alpha three
bravo six to alpha four
bravo six to alpha five
bravo six to alpha six
bravo six to alpha seven
bravo six to alpha eight
bravo six to bravo one
bravo six to bravo two
bravo six to bravo three
bravo six to bravo four
bravo six to bravo five
bravo six to bravo seven
bravo six to bravo eight
bravo six to charlie one
bravo six to charlie two
bravo six to charlie three
bravo six to charlie four
bravo six to charlie five
bravo six to charlie six
bravo six to charlie seven
bravo six to charlie eight
bravo six to delta one
bravo six to delta two
bravo six to delta three
bravo six to delta four
bravo six to delta five
bravo six to delta six
bravo six to delta seven
bravo six to delta eight
bravo six to echo one
bravo six to echo two
bravo six to echo three
bravo six to echo four
bravo six to echo five
bravo six to echo six
bravo six to echo seven
bravo six to echo eight
bravo six to foxtrot one
bravo six to foxtrot two
bravo six to foxtrot three
bravo six to foxtrot four
bravo six to foxtrot five
bravo six to foxtrot six
bravo six to foxtrot seven
bravo six to foxtrot eight
bravo six to golf one
bravo six to golf two
bravo six to golf three
bravo six to golf four
bravo six to golf five
bravo six to golf six
bravo six to golf seven
bravo six to golf eight
bravo six to hotel one
bravo six to hotel two
bravo six to hotel three
bravo six to hotel four
bravo six to hotel five
bravo six to hotel six
bravo six to hotel seven
bravo six to hotel eight
bravo seven to alpha one
bravo seven to alpha two
bravo seven to alpha three
bravo seven to alpha four
bravo seven to alpha five
bravo seven to alpha six
bravo seven to alpha seven
bravo seven to alpha eight
bravo seven to bravo one
bravo seven to bravo two
bravo seven to bravo three
bravo seven to bravo four
bravo seven to bravo five
bravo seven to bravo six
bravo seven to bravo eight
bravo seven to charlie one
bravo seven to charlie two
bravo seven to charlie three
bravo seven to charlie four
bravo seven to charlie five
bravo seven to charlie six
bravo seven to charlie seven
bravo seven to charlie eight
bravo seven to delta one
bravo seven to delta two
bravo seven to delta three
bravo seven to delta four
bravo seven to delta five
bravo seven to delta six
bravo seven to delta seven
bravo seven to delta eight
bravo seven to echo one
bravo seven to echo two
bravo seven to echo three
bravo seven to echo four
bravo seven to echo five
bravo seven to echo six
bravo seven to echo seven
bravo seven to echo eight
bravo seven to foxtrot one
bravo seven to foxtrot two
bravo seven to foxtrot three
bravo seven to foxtrot four
bravo seven to foxtrot five
bravo seven to foxtrot six
bravo seven to foxtrot seven
bravo seven to foxtrot eight
bravo seven to golf one
bravo seven to golf two
bravo seven to golf three
bravo seven to golf four
bravo seven to golf five
bravo seven to golf six
bravo seven to golf seven
bravo seven to golf eight
bravo seven to hotel one
bravo seven to hotel two
bravo seven to hotel three
bravo seven to hotel four
bravo seven to hotel five
bravo seven to hotel six
bravo seven to hotel seven
bravo seven to hotel eight
bravo eight to alpha one
bravo eight to alpha two
bravo eight to alpha three
bravo eight to alpha four
bravo eight to alpha five
bravo eight to alpha six
bravo eight to alpha seven
bravo eight to alpha eight
bravo eight to bravo one
bravo eight to bravo two
bravo eight to bravo three
bravo eight to bravo four
bravo eight to bravo five
bravo eight to bravo six
bravo eight to bravo seven
bravo eight to charlie one
bravo eight to charlie two
bravo eight to charlie three
bravo eight to charlie four
bravo eight to charlie five
bravo eight to charlie six
bravo eight to charlie seven
bravo eight to charlie eight
bravo eight to delta one
bravo eight to delta two
bravo eight to delta three
bravo eight to delta four
bravo eight to delta five
bravo eight to delta six
bravo eight to delta seven
bravo eight to delta eight
bravo eight to echo one
bravo eight to echo two
bravo eight to echo three
bravo eight to echo four
bravo eight to echo five
bravo eight to echo six
bravo eight to echo seven
bravo eight to echo eight
bravo eight to foxtrot one
bravo eight to foxtrot two
bravo eight to foxtrot three
bravo eight to foxtrot four
bravo eight to foxtrot five
bravo eight to foxtrot six
bravo eight to foxtrot seven
bravo eight to foxtrot eight
bravo eight to golf one
bravo eight to golf two
bravo eight to golf three
bravo eight to golf four
bravo eight to golf five
bravo eight to golf six
bravo eight to golf seven
bravo eight to golf eight
bravo eight to hotel one
bravo eight to hotel two
bravo eight to hotel three
bravo eight to hotel four
bravo eight to hotel five
bravo eight to hotel six
bravo eight to hotel seven
bravo eight to hotel eight
charlie one to alpha one
charlie one to alpha two
charlie one to alpha three
charlie one to alpha four
charlie one to alpha five
charlie one to alpha six
charlie one to alpha seven
charlie one to alpha eight
charlie one to bravo one
charlie one to bravo two
charlie one to bravo three
charlie one to bravo four
charlie one to bravo five
charlie one to bravo six
charlie one to bravo seven
charlie one to bravo eight
charlie one to charlie two
charlie one to charlie three
charlie one to charlie four
charlie one to charlie five
charlie one to charlie six
charlie one to charlie seven
charlie one to charlie eight
charlie one to delta one
charlie one to delta two
charlie one to delta three
charlie one to delta four
charlie one to delta five
charlie one to delta six
charlie one to delta seven
charlie one to delta eight
charlie one to echo one
charlie one to echo two
charlie one to echo three
charlie one to echo four
charlie one to echo five
charlie one to echo six
charlie one to echo seven
charlie one to echo eight
charlie one to foxtrot one
charlie one to foxtrot two
charlie one to foxtrot three
charlie one to foxtrot four
charlie one to foxtrot five
charlie one to foxtrot six
charlie one to foxtrot seven
charlie one to foxtrot eight
charlie one to golf one
charlie one to golf two
charlie one to golf three
charlie one to golf four
charlie one to golf five
charlie one to golf six
charlie one to golf seven
charlie one to golf eight
charlie one to hotel one
charlie one to hotel two
charlie one to hotel three
charlie one to hotel four
charlie one to hotel five
charlie one to hotel six
charlie one to hotel seven
charlie one to hotel eight
charlie two to alpha one
charlie two to alpha two
charlie two to alpha three
charlie two to alpha four
charlie two to alpha five
charlie two to alpha six
charlie two to alpha seven
charlie two to alpha eight
charlie two to bravo one
charlie two to bravo two
charlie two to bravo three
charlie two to bravo four
charlie two to bravo five
charlie two to bravo six
charlie two to bravo seven
charlie two to bravo eight
charlie two to charlie one
charlie two to charlie three
charlie two to charlie four
charlie two to charlie five
charlie two to charlie six
charlie two to charlie seven
charlie two to charlie eight
charlie two to delta one
charlie two to delta two
charlie two to delta three
charlie two to delta four
charlie two to delta five
charlie two to delta six
charlie two to delta seven
charlie two to delta eight
charlie two to echo one
charlie two to echo two
charlie two to echo three
charlie two to echo four
charlie two to echo five
charlie two to echo six
charlie two to echo seven
charlie two to echo eight
charlie two to foxtrot one
charlie two to foxtrot two
charlie two to foxtrot three
charlie two to foxtrot four
charlie two to foxtrot five
charlie two to foxtrot six
charlie two to foxtrot seven
charlie two to foxtrot eight
charlie two to golf one
charlie two to golf two
charlie two to golf three
charlie two to golf four
charlie two to golf five
charlie two to golf six
charlie two to golf seven
charlie two to golf eight
charlie two to hotel one
charlie two to hotel two
charlie two to hotel three
charlie two to hotel four
charlie two to hotel five
charlie two to hotel six
charlie two to hotel seven
charlie two to hotel eight
charlie three to alpha one
charlie three to alpha two
charlie three to alpha three
charlie three to alpha four
charlie three to alpha five
charlie three to alpha six
charlie three to alpha seven
charlie three to alpha eight
charlie three to bravo one
charlie three to bravo two
charlie three to bravo three
charlie three to bravo four
charlie three to bravo five
charlie three to bravo six
charlie three to bravo seven
charlie three to bravo eight
charlie three to charlie one
charlie three to charlie two
charlie three to charlie four
charlie three to charlie five
charlie three to charlie six
charlie three to charlie seven
charlie three to charlie eight
charlie three to delta one
charlie three to delta two
charlie three to delta three
charlie three to delta four
charlie three to delta five
charlie three to delta six
charlie three to delta seven
charlie three to delta eight
charlie three to echo one
charlie three to echo two
charlie three to echo three
charlie three to echo four
charlie three to echo five
charlie three to echo six
charlie three to echo seven
charlie three to echo eight
charlie three to foxtrot one
charlie three to foxtrot two
charlie three to foxtrot three
charlie three to foxtrot four
charlie three to foxtrot five
charlie three to foxtrot six
charlie three to foxtrot seven
charlie three to foxtrot eight
charlie three to golf one
charlie three to golf two
charlie three to golf three
charlie three to golf four
charlie three to golf five
charlie three to golf six
charlie three to golf seven
charlie three to golf eight
charlie three to hotel one
charlie three to hotel two
charlie three to hotel three
charlie three to hotel four
charlie three to hotel five
charlie three to hotel six
charlie three to hotel seven
charlie three to hotel eight
charlie four to alpha one
charlie four to alpha two
charlie four to alpha three
charlie four to alpha four
charlie four to alpha five
charlie four to alpha six
charlie four to alpha seven
charlie four to alpha eight
charlie four to bravo one
charlie four to bravo two
charlie four to bravo three
charlie four to bravo four
charlie four to bravo five
charlie four to bravo six
charlie four to bravo seven
charlie four to bravo eight
charlie four to charlie one
charlie four to charlie two
charlie four to charlie three
charlie four to charlie five
charlie four to charlie six
charlie four to charlie seven
charlie four to charlie eight
charlie four to delta one
charlie four to delta two
charlie four to delta three
charlie four to delta four
charlie four to delta five
charlie four to delta six
charlie four to delta seven
charlie four to delta eight
charlie four to echo one
charlie four to echo two
charlie four to echo three
charlie four to echo four
charlie four to echo five
charlie four to echo six
charlie four to echo seven
charlie four to echo eight
charlie four to foxtrot one
charlie four to foxtrot two
charlie four to foxtrot three
charlie four to foxtrot four
charlie four to foxtrot five
charlie four to foxtrot six
charlie four to foxtrot seven
charlie four to foxtrot eight
charlie four to golf one
charlie four to golf two
charlie four to golf three
charlie four to golf four
charlie four to golf five
charlie four to golf six
charlie four to golf seven
charlie four to golf eight
charlie four to hotel one
charlie four to hotel two
charlie four to hotel three
charlie four to hotel four
charlie four to hotel five
charlie four to hotel six
charlie four to hotel seven
charlie four to hotel eight
charlie five to alpha one
charlie five to alpha two
charlie five to alpha three
charlie five to alpha four
charlie five to alpha five
charlie five to alpha six
charlie five to alpha seven
charlie five to alpha eight
charlie five to bravo one
charlie five to bravo two
charlie five to bravo three
charlie five to bravo four
charlie five to bravo five
charlie five to bravo six
charlie five to bravo seven
charlie five to bravo eight
charlie five to charlie one
charlie five to charlie two
charlie five to charlie three
charlie five to charlie four
charlie five to charlie six
charlie five to charlie seven
charlie five to charlie eight
charlie five to delta one
charlie five to delta two
charlie five to delta three
charlie five to delta four
charlie five to delta five
charlie five to delta six
charlie five to delta seven
charlie five to delta eight
charlie five to echo one
charlie five to echo two
charlie five to echo three
charlie five to echo four
charlie five to echo five
charlie five to echo six
charlie five to echo seven
charlie five to echo eight
charlie five to foxtrot one
charlie five to foxtrot two
charlie five to foxtrot three
charlie five to foxtrot four
charlie five to foxtrot five
charlie five to foxtrot six
charlie five to foxtrot seven
charlie five to foxtrot eight
charlie five to golf one
charlie five to golf two
charlie five to golf three
charlie five to golf four
charlie five to golf five
charlie five to golf six
charlie five to golf seven
charlie five to golf eight
charlie five to hotel one
charlie five to hotel two
charlie five to hotel three
charlie five to hotel four
charlie five to hotel five
charlie five to hotel six
charlie five to hotel seven
charlie five to hotel eight
charlie six to alpha one
charlie six to alpha two
charlie six to alpha three
charlie six to alpha four
charlie six to alpha five
charlie six to alpha six
charlie six to alpha seven
charlie six to alpha eight
charlie six to bravo one
charlie six to bravo two
charlie six to bravo three
charlie six to bravo four
charlie six to bravo five
charlie six to bravo six
charlie six to bravo seven
charlie six to bravo eight
charlie six to charlie one
charlie six to charlie two
charlie six to charlie three
charlie six to charlie four
charlie six to charlie five
charlie six to charlie seven
charlie six to charlie eight
charlie six to delta one
charlie six to delta two
charlie six to delta three
charlie six to delta four
charlie six to delta five
charlie six to delta six
charlie six to delta seven
charlie six to delta eight
charlie six to echo one
charlie six to echo two
charlie six to echo three
charlie six to echo four
charlie six to echo five
charlie six to echo six
charlie six to echo seven
charlie six to echo eight
charlie six to foxtrot one
charlie six to foxtrot two
charlie six to foxtrot three
charlie six to foxtrot four
charlie six to foxtrot five
charlie six to foxtrot six
charlie six to foxtrot seven
charlie six to foxtrot eight
charlie six to golf one
charlie six to golf two
charlie six to golf three
charlie six to golf four
charlie six to golf five
charlie six to golf six
charlie six to golf seven
charlie six to golf eight
charlie six to hotel one
charlie six to hotel two
charlie six to hotel three
charlie six to hotel four
charlie six to hotel five
charlie six to hotel six
charlie six to hotel seven
charlie six to hotel eight
charlie seven to alpha one
charlie seven to alpha two
charlie seven to alpha three
charlie seven to alpha four
charlie seven to alpha five
charlie seven to alpha six
charlie seven to alpha seven
charlie seven to alpha eight
charlie seven to bravo one
charlie seven to bravo two
charlie seven to bravo three
charlie seven to bravo four
charlie seven to bravo five
charlie seven to bravo six
charlie seven to bravo seven
charlie seven to bravo eight
charlie seven to charlie one
charlie seven to charlie two
charlie seven to charlie three
charlie seven to charlie four
charlie seven to charlie five
charlie seven to charlie six
charlie seven to charlie eight
charlie seven to delta one
charlie seven to delta two
charlie seven to delta three
charlie seven to delta four
charlie seven to delta five
charlie seven to delta six
charlie seven to delta seven
charlie seven to delta eight
charlie seven to echo one
charlie seven to echo two
charlie seven to echo three
charlie seven to echo four
charlie seven to echo five
charlie seven to echo six
charlie seven to echo seven
charlie seven to echo eight
charlie seven to foxtrot one
charlie seven to foxtrot two
charlie seven to foxtrot three
charlie seven to foxtrot four
charlie seven to foxtrot five
charlie seven to foxtrot six
charlie seven to foxtrot seven
charlie seven to foxtrot eight
charlie seven to golf one
charlie seven to golf two
charlie seven to golf three
charlie seven to golf four
charlie seven to golf five
charlie seven to golf six
charlie seven to golf seven
charlie seven to golf eight
charlie seven to hotel one
charlie seven to hotel two
charlie seven to hotel three
charlie seven to hotel four
charlie seven to hotel five
charlie seven to hotel six
charlie seven to hotel seven
charlie seven to hotel eight
charlie eight to alpha one
charlie eight to alpha two
charlie eight to alpha three
charlie eight to alpha four
charlie eight to alpha five
charlie eight to alpha six
charlie eight to alpha seven
charlie eight to alpha eight
charlie eight to bravo one
charlie eight to bravo two
charlie eight to bravo three
charlie eight to bravo four
charlie eight to bravo five
charlie eight to bravo six
charlie eight to bravo seven
charlie eight to bravo eight
charlie eight to charlie one
charlie eight to charlie two
charlie eight to charlie three
charlie eight to charlie four
charlie eight to charlie five
charlie eight to charlie six
charlie eight to charlie seven
charlie eight to delta one
charlie eight to delta two
charlie eight to delta three
charlie eight to delta four
charlie eight to delta five
charlie eight to delta six
charlie eight to delta seven
charlie eight to delta eight
charlie eight to echo one
charlie eight to echo two
charlie eight to echo three
charlie eight to echo four
charlie eight to echo five
charlie eight to echo six
charlie eight to echo seven
charlie eight to echo eight
charlie eight to foxtrot one
charlie eight to foxtrot two
charlie eight to foxtrot three
charlie eight to foxtrot four
charlie eight to foxtrot five
charlie eight to foxtrot six
charlie eight to foxtrot seven
charlie eight to foxtrot eight
charlie eight to golf one
charlie eight to golf two
charlie eight to golf three
charlie eight to golf four
charlie eight to golf five
charlie eight to golf six
charlie eight to golf seven
charlie eight to golf eight
charlie eight to hotel one
charlie eight to hotel two
charlie eight to hotel three
charlie eight to hotel four
charlie eight to hotel five
charlie eight to hotel six
charlie eight to hotel seven
charlie eight to hotel eight
delta one to alpha one
delta one to alpha two
delta one to alpha three
delta one to alpha four
delta one to alpha five
delta one to alpha six
delta one to alpha seven
delta one to alpha eight
delta one to bravo one
delta one to bravo two
delta one to bravo three
delta one to bravo four
delta one to bravo five
delta one to bravo six
delta one to bravo seven
delta one to bravo eight
delta one to charlie one
delta one to charlie two
delta one to charlie three
delta one to charlie four
delta one to charlie five
delta one to charlie six
delta one to charlie seven
delta one to charlie eight
delta one to delta two
delta one to delta three
delta one to delta four
delta one to delta five
delta one to delta six
delta one to delta seven
delta one to delta eight
delta one to echo one
delta one to echo two
delta one to echo three
delta one to echo four
delta one to echo five
delta one to echo six
delta one to echo seven
delta one to echo eight
delta one to foxtrot one
delta one to foxtrot two
delta one to foxtrot three
delta one to foxtrot four
delta one to foxtrot five
delta one to foxtrot six
delta one to foxtrot seven
delta one to foxtrot eight
delta one to golf one
delta one to golf two
delta one to golf three
delta one to golf four
delta one to golf five
delta one to golf six
delta one to golf seven
delta one to golf eight
delta one to hotel one
delta one to hotel two
delta one to hotel three
delta one to hotel four
delta one to hotel five
delta one to hotel six
delta one to hotel seven
delta one to hotel eight
delta two to alpha one
delta two to alpha two
delta two to alpha three
delta two to alpha four
delta two to alpha five
delta two to alpha six
delta two to alpha seven
delta two to alpha eight
delta two to bravo one
delta two to bravo two
delta two to bravo three
delta two to bravo four
delta two to bravo five
delta two to bravo six
delta two to bravo seven
delta two to bravo eight
delta two to charlie one
delta two to charlie two
delta two to charlie three
delta two to charlie four
delta two to charlie five
delta two to charlie six
delta two to charlie seven
delta two to charlie eight
delta two to delta one
delta two to delta three
delta two to delta four
delta two to delta five
delta two to delta six
delta two to delta seven
delta two to delta eight
delta two to echo one
delta two to echo two
delta two to echo three
delta two to echo four
delta two to echo five
delta two to echo six
delta two to echo seven
delta two to echo eight
delta two to foxtrot one
delta two to foxtrot two
delta two to foxtrot three
delta two to foxtrot four
delta two to foxtrot five
delta two to foxtrot six
delta two to foxtrot seven
delta two to foxtrot eight
delta two to golf one
delta two to golf two
delta two to golf three
delta two to golf four
delta two to golf five
delta two to golf six
delta two to golf seven
delta two to golf eight
delta two to hotel one
delta two to hotel two
delta two to hotel three
delta two to hotel four
delta two to hotel five
delta two to hotel six
delta two to hotel seven
delta two to hotel eight
delta three to alpha one
delta three to alpha two
delta three to alpha three
delta three to alpha four
delta three to alpha five
delta three to alpha six
delta three to alpha seven
delta three to alpha eight
delta three to bravo one
delta three to bravo two
delta three to bravo three
delta three to bravo four
delta three to bravo five
delta three to bravo six
delta three to bravo seven
delta three to bravo eight
delta three to charlie one
delta three to charlie two
delta three to charlie three
delta three to charlie four
delta three to charlie five
delta three to charlie six
delta three to charlie seven
delta three to charlie eight
delta three to delta one
delta three to delta two
delta three to delta four
delta three to delta five
delta three to delta six
delta three to delta seven
delta three to delta eight
delta three to echo one
delta three to echo two
delta three to echo three
delta three to echo four
delta three to echo five
delta three to echo six
delta three to echo seven
delta three to echo eight
delta three to foxtrot one
delta three to foxtrot two
delta three to foxtrot three
delta three to foxtrot four
delta three to foxtrot five
delta three to foxtrot six
delta three to foxtrot seven
delta three to foxtrot eight
delta three to golf one
delta three to golf two
delta three to golf three
delta three to golf four
delta three to golf five
delta three to golf six
delta three to golf seven
delta three to golf eight
delta three to hotel one
delta three to hotel two
delta three to hotel three
delta three to hotel four
delta three to hotel five
delta three to hotel six
delta three to hotel seven
delta three to hotel eight
delta four to alpha one
delta four to alpha two
delta four to alpha three
delta four to alpha four
delta four to alpha five
delta four to alpha six
delta four to alpha seven
delta four to alpha eight
delta four to bravo one
delta four to bravo two
delta four to bravo three
delta four to bravo four
delta four to bravo five
delta four to bravo six
delta four to bravo seven
delta four to bravo eight
delta four to charlie one
delta four to charlie two
delta four to charlie three
delta four to charlie four
delta four to charlie five
delta four to charlie six
delta four to charlie seven
delta four to charlie eight
delta four to delta one
delta four to delta two
delta four to delta three
delta four to delta five
delta four to delta six
delta four to delta seven
delta four to delta eight
delta four to echo one
delta four to echo two
delta four to echo three
delta four to echo four
delta four to echo five
delta four to echo six
delta four to echo seven
delta four to echo eight
delta four to foxtrot one
delta four to foxtrot two
delta four to foxtrot three
delta four to foxtrot four
delta four to foxtrot five
delta four to foxtrot six
delta four to foxtrot seven
delta four to foxtrot eight
delta four to golf one
delta four to golf two
delta four to golf three
delta four to golf four
delta four to golf five
delta four to golf six
delta four to golf seven
delta four to golf eight
delta four to hotel one
delta four to hotel two
delta four to hotel three
delta four to hotel four
delta four to hotel five
delta four to hotel six
delta four to hotel seven
delta four to hotel eight
delta five to alpha one
delta five to alpha two
delta five to alpha three
delta five to alpha four
delta five to alpha five
delta five to alpha six
delta five to alpha seven
delta five to alpha eight
delta five to bravo one
delta five to bravo two
delta five to bravo three
delta five to bravo four
delta five to bravo five
delta five to bravo six
delta five to bravo seven
delta five to bravo eight
delta five to charlie one
delta five to charlie two
delta five to charlie three
delta five to charlie four
delta five to charlie five
delta five to charlie six
delta five to charlie seven
delta five to charlie eight
delta five to delta one
delta five to delta two
delta five to delta three
delta five to delta four
delta five to delta six
delta five to delta seven
delta five to delta eight
delta five to echo one
delta five to echo two
delta five to echo three
delta five to echo four
delta five to echo five
delta five to echo six
delta five to echo seven
delta five to echo eight
delta five to foxtrot one
delta five to foxtrot two
delta five to foxtrot three
delta five to foxtrot four
delta five to foxtrot five
delta five to foxtrot six
delta five to foxtrot seven
delta five to foxtrot eight
delta five to golf one
delta five to golf two
delta five to golf three
delta five to golf four
delta five to golf five
delta five to golf six
delta five to golf seven
delta five to golf eight
delta five to hotel one
delta five to hotel two
delta five to hotel three
delta five to hotel four
delta five to hotel five
delta five to hotel six
delta five to hotel seven
delta five to hotel eight
delta six to alpha one
delta six to alpha two
delta six to alpha three
delta six to alpha four
delta six to alpha five
delta six to alpha six
delta six to alpha seven
delta six to alpha eight
delta six to bravo one
delta six to bravo two
delta six to bravo three
delta six to bravo four
delta six to bravo five
delta six to bravo six
delta six to bravo seven
delta six to bravo eight
delta six to charlie one
delta six to charlie two
delta six to charlie three
delta six to charlie four
delta six to charlie five
delta six to charlie six
delta six to charlie seven
delta six to charlie eight
delta six to delta one
delta six to delta two
delta six to delta three
delta six to delta four
delta six to delta five
delta six to delta seven
delta six to delta eight
delta six to echo one
delta six to echo two
delta six to echo three
delta six to echo four
delta six to echo five
delta six to echo six
delta six to echo seven
delta six to echo eight
delta six to foxtrot one
delta six to foxtrot two
delta six to foxtrot three
delta six to foxtrot four
delta six to foxtrot five
delta six to foxtrot six
delta six to foxtrot seven
delta six to foxtrot eight
delta six to golf one
delta six to golf two
delta six to golf three
delta six to golf four
delta six to golf five
delta six to golf six
delta six to golf seven
delta six to golf eight
delta six to hotel one
delta six to hotel two
delta six to hotel three
delta six to hotel four
delta six to hotel five
delta six to hotel six
delta six to hotel seven
delta six to hotel eight
delta seven to alpha one
delta seven to alpha two
delta seven to alpha three
delta seven to alpha four
delta seven to alpha five
delta seven to alpha six
delta seven to alpha seven
delta seven to alpha eight
delta seven to bravo one
delta seven to bravo two
delta seven to bravo three
delta seven to bravo four
delta seven to bravo five
delta seven to bravo six
delta seven to bravo seven
delta seven to bravo eight
delta seven to charlie one
delta seven to charlie two
delta seven to charlie three
delta seven to charlie four
delta seven to charlie five
delta seven to charlie six
delta seven to charlie seven
delta seven to charlie eight
delta seven to delta one
delta seven to delta two
delta seven to delta three
delta seven to delta four
delta seven to delta five
delta seven to delta six
delta seven to delta eight
delta seven to echo one
delta seven to echo two
delta seven to echo three
delta seven to echo four
delta seven to echo five
delta seven to echo six
delta seven to echo seven
delta seven to echo eight
delta seven to foxtrot one
delta seven to foxtrot two
delta seven to foxtrot three
delta seven to foxtrot four
delta seven to foxtrot five
delta seven to foxtrot six
delta seven to foxtrot seven
delta seven to foxtrot eight
delta seven to golf one
delta seven to golf two
delta seven to golf three
delta seven to golf four
delta seven to golf five
delta seven to golf six
delta seven to golf seven
delta seven to golf eight
delta seven to hotel one
delta seven to hotel two
delta seven to hotel three
delta seven to hotel four
delta seven to hotel five
delta seven to hotel six
delta seven to hotel seven
delta seven to hotel eight
delta eight to alpha one
delta eight to alpha two
delta eight to alpha three
delta eight to alpha four
delta eight to alpha five
delta eight to alpha six
delta eight to alpha seven
delta eight to alpha eight
delta eight to bravo one
delta eight to bravo two
delta eight to bravo three
delta eight to bravo four
delta eight to bravo five
delta eight to bravo six
delta eight to bravo seven
delta eight to bravo eight
delta eight to charlie one
delta eight to charlie two
delta eight to charlie three
delta eight to charlie four
delta eight to charlie five
delta eight to charlie six
delta eight to charlie seven
delta eight to charlie eight
delta eight to delta one
delta eight to delta two
delta eight to delta three
delta eight to delta four
delta eight to delta five
delta eight to delta six
delta eight to delta seven
delta eight to echo one
delta eight to echo two
delta eight to echo three
delta eight to echo four
delta eight to echo five
delta eight to echo six
delta eight to echo seven
delta eight to echo eight
delta eight to foxtrot one
delta eight to foxtrot two
delta eight to foxtrot three
delta eight to foxtrot four
delta eight to foxtrot five
delta eight to foxtrot six
delta eight to foxtrot seven
delta eight to foxtrot eight
delta eight to golf one
delta eight to golf two
delta eight to golf three
delta eight to golf four
delta eight to golf five
delta eight to golf six
delta eight to golf seven
delta eight to golf eight
delta eight to hotel one
delta eight to hotel two
delta eight to hotel three
delta eight to hotel four
delta eight to hotel five
delta eight to hotel six
delta eight to hotel seven
delta eight to hotel eight
echo one to alpha one
echo one to alpha two
echo one to alpha three
echo one to alpha four
echo one to alpha five
echo one to alpha six
echo one to alpha seven
echo one to alpha eight
echo one to bravo one
echo one to bravo two
echo one to bravo three
echo one to bravo four
echo one to bravo five
echo one to bravo six
echo one to bravo seven
echo one to bravo eight
echo one to charlie one
echo one to charlie two
echo one to charlie three
echo one to charlie four
echo one to charlie five
echo one to charlie six
echo one to charlie seven
echo one to charlie eight
echo one to delta one
echo one to delta two
echo one to delta three
echo one to delta four
echo one to delta five
echo one to delta six
echo one to delta seven
echo one to delta eight
echo one to echo two
echo one to echo three
echo one to echo four
echo one to echo five
echo one to echo six
echo one to echo seven
echo one to echo eight
echo one to foxtrot one
echo one to foxtrot two
echo one to foxtrot three
echo one to foxtrot four
echo one to foxtrot five
echo one to foxtrot six
echo one to foxtrot seven
echo one to foxtrot eight
echo one to golf one
echo one to golf two
echo one to golf three
echo one to golf four
echo one to golf five
echo one to golf six
echo one to golf seven
echo one to golf eight
echo one to hotel one
echo one to hotel two
echo one to hotel three
echo one to hotel four
echo one to hotel five
echo one to hotel six
echo one to hotel seven
echo one to hotel eight
echo two to alpha one
echo two to alpha two
echo two to alpha three
echo two to alpha four
echo two to alpha five
echo two to alpha six
echo two to alpha seven
echo two to alpha eight
echo two to bravo one
echo two to bravo two
echo two to bravo three
echo two to bravo four
echo two to bravo five
echo two to bravo six
echo two to bravo seven
echo two to bravo eight
echo two to charlie one
echo two to charlie two
echo two to charlie three
echo two to charlie four
echo two to charlie five
echo two to charlie six
echo two to charlie seven
echo two to charlie eight
echo two to delta one
echo two to delta two
echo two to delta three
echo two to delta four
echo two to delta five
echo two to delta six
echo two to delta seven
echo two to delta eight
echo two to echo one
echo two to echo three
echo two to echo four
echo two to echo five
echo two to echo six
echo two to echo seven
echo two to echo eight
echo two to foxtrot one
echo two to foxtrot two
echo two to foxtrot three
echo two to foxtrot four
echo two to foxtrot five
echo two to foxtrot six
echo two to foxtrot seven
echo two to foxtrot eight
echo two to golf one
echo two to golf two
echo two to golf three
echo two to golf four
echo two to golf five
echo two to golf six
echo two to golf seven
echo two to golf eight
echo two to hotel one
echo two to hotel two
echo two to hotel three
echo two to hotel four
echo two to hotel five
echo two to hotel six
echo two to hotel seven
echo two to hotel eight
echo three to alpha one
echo three to alpha two
echo three to alpha three
echo three to alpha four
echo three to alpha five
echo three to alpha six
echo three to alpha seven
echo three to alpha eight
echo three to bravo one
echo three to bravo two
echo three to bravo three
echo three to bravo four
echo three to bravo five
echo three to bravo six
echo three to bravo seven
echo three to bravo eight
echo three to charlie one
echo three to charlie two
echo three to charlie three
echo three to charlie four
echo three to charlie five
echo three to charlie six
echo three to charlie seven
echo three to charlie eight
echo three to delta one
echo three to delta two
echo three to delta three
echo three to delta four
echo three to delta five
echo three to delta six
echo three to delta seven
echo three to delta eight
echo three to echo one
echo three to echo two
echo three to echo four
echo three to echo five
echo three to echo six
echo three to echo seven
echo three to echo eight
echo three to foxtrot one
echo three to foxtrot two
echo three to foxtrot three
echo three to foxtrot four
echo three to foxtrot five
echo three to foxtrot six
echo three to foxtrot seven
echo three to foxtrot eight
echo three to golf one
echo three to golf two
echo three to golf three
echo three to golf four
echo three to golf five
echo three to golf six
echo three to golf seven
echo three to golf eight
echo three to hotel one
echo three to hotel two
echo three to hotel three
echo three to hotel four
echo three to hotel five
echo three to hotel six
echo three to hotel seven
echo three to hotel eight
echo four to alpha one
echo four to alpha two
echo four to alpha three
echo four to alpha four
echo four to alpha five
echo four to alpha six
echo four to alpha seven
echo four to alpha eight
echo four to bravo one
echo four to bravo two
echo four to bravo three
echo four to bravo four
echo four to bravo five
echo four to bravo six
echo four to bravo seven
echo four to bravo eight
echo four to charlie one
echo four to charlie two
echo four to charlie three
echo four to charlie four
echo four to charlie five
echo four to charlie six
echo four to charlie seven
echo four to charlie eight
echo four to delta one
echo four to delta two
echo four to delta three
echo four to delta four
echo four to delta five
echo four to delta six
echo four to delta seven
echo four to delta eight
echo four to echo one
echo four to echo two
echo four to echo three
echo four to echo five
echo four to echo six
echo four to echo seven
echo four to echo eight
echo four to foxtrot one
echo four to foxtrot two
echo four to foxtrot three
echo four to foxtrot four
echo four to foxtrot five
echo four to foxtrot six
echo four to foxtrot seven
echo four to foxtrot eight
echo four to golf one
echo four to golf two
echo four to golf three
echo four to golf four
echo four to golf five
echo four to golf six
echo four to golf seven
echo four to golf eight
echo four to hotel one
echo four to hotel two
echo four to hotel three
echo four to hotel four
echo four to hotel five
echo four to hotel six
echo four to hotel seven
echo four to hotel eight
echo five to alpha one
echo five to alpha two
echo five to alpha three
echo five to alpha four
echo five to alpha five
echo five to alpha six
echo five to alpha seven
echo five to alpha eight
echo five to bravo one
echo five to bravo two
echo five to bravo three
echo five to bravo four
echo five to bravo five
echo five to bravo six
echo five to bravo seven
echo five to bravo eight
echo five to charlie one
echo five to charlie two
echo five to charlie three
echo five to charlie four
echo five to charlie five
echo five to charlie six
echo five to charlie seven
echo five to charlie eight
echo five to delta one
echo five to delta two
echo five to delta three
echo five to delta four
echo five to delta five
echo five to delta six
echo five to delta seven
echo five to delta eight
echo five to echo one
echo five to echo two
echo five to echo three
echo five to echo four
echo five to echo six
echo five to echo seven
echo five to echo eight
echo five to foxtrot one
echo five to foxtrot two
echo five to foxtrot three
echo five to foxtrot four
echo five to foxtrot five
echo five to foxtrot six
echo five to foxtrot seven
echo five to foxtrot eight
echo five to golf one
echo five to golf two
echo five to golf three
echo five to golf four
echo five to golf five
echo five to golf six
echo five to golf seven
echo five to golf eight
echo five to hotel one
echo five to hotel two
echo five to hotel three
echo five to hotel four
echo five to hotel five
echo five to hotel six
echo five to hotel seven
echo five to hotel eight
echo six to alpha one
echo six to alpha two
echo six to alpha three
echo six to alpha four
echo six to alpha five
echo six to alpha six
echo six to alpha seven
echo six to alpha eight
echo six to bravo one
echo six to bravo two
echo six to bravo three
echo six to bravo four
echo six to bravo five
echo six to bravo six
echo six to bravo seven
echo six to bravo eight
echo six to charlie one
echo six to charlie two
echo six to charlie three
echo six to charlie four
echo six to charlie five
echo six to charlie six
echo six to charlie seven
echo six to charlie eight
echo six to delta one
echo six to delta two
echo six to delta three
echo six to delta four
echo six to delta five
echo six to delta six
echo six to delta seven
echo six to delta eight
echo six to echo one
echo six to echo two
echo six to echo three
echo six to echo four
echo six to echo five
echo six to echo seven
echo six to echo eight
echo six to foxtrot one
echo six to foxtrot two
echo six to foxtrot three
echo six to foxtrot four
echo six to foxtrot five
echo six to foxtrot six
echo six to foxtrot seven
echo six to foxtrot eight
echo six to golf one
echo six to golf two
echo six to golf three
echo six to golf four
echo six to golf five
echo six to golf six
echo six to golf seven
echo six to golf eight
echo six to hotel one
echo six to hotel two
echo six to hotel three
echo six to hotel four
echo six to hotel five
echo six to hotel six
echo six to hotel seven
echo six to hotel eight
echo seven to alpha one
echo seven to alpha two
echo seven to alpha three
echo seven to alpha four
echo seven to alpha five
echo seven to alpha six
echo seven to alpha seven
echo seven to alpha eight
echo seven to bravo one
echo seven to bravo two
echo seven to bravo three
echo seven to bravo four
echo seven to bravo five
echo seven to bravo six
echo seven to bravo seven
echo seven to bravo eight
echo seven to charlie one
echo seven to charlie two
echo seven to charlie three
echo seven to charlie four
echo seven to charlie five
echo seven to charlie six
echo seven to charlie seven
echo seven to charlie eight
echo seven to delta one
echo seven to delta two
echo seven to delta three
echo seven to delta four
echo seven to delta five
echo seven to delta six
echo seven to delta seven
echo seven to delta eight
echo seven to echo one
echo seven to echo two
echo seven to echo three
echo seven to echo four
echo seven to echo five
echo seven to echo six
echo seven to echo eight
echo seven to foxtrot one
echo seven to foxtrot two
echo seven to foxtrot three
echo seven to foxtrot four
echo seven to foxtrot five
echo seven to foxtrot six
echo seven to foxtrot seven
echo seven to foxtrot eight
echo seven to golf one
echo seven to golf two
echo seven to golf three
echo seven to golf four
echo seven to golf five
echo seven to golf six
echo seven to golf seven
echo seven to golf eight
echo seven to hotel one
echo seven to hotel two
echo seven to hotel three
echo seven to hotel four
echo seven to hotel five
echo seven to hotel six
echo seven to hotel seven
echo seven to hotel eight
echo eight to alpha one
echo eight to alpha two
echo eight to alpha three
echo eight to alpha four
echo eight to alpha five
echo eight to alpha six
echo eight to alpha seven
echo eight to alpha eight
echo eight to bravo one
echo eight to bravo two
echo eight to bravo three
echo eight to bravo four
echo eight to bravo five
echo eight to bravo six
echo eight to bravo seven
echo eight to bravo eight
echo eight to charlie one
echo eight to charlie two
echo eight to charlie three
echo eight to charlie four
echo eight to charlie five
echo eight to charlie six
echo eight to charlie seven
echo eight to charlie eight
echo eight to delta one
echo eight to delta two
echo eight to delta three
echo eight to delta four
echo eight to delta five
echo eight to delta six
echo eight to delta seven
echo eight to delta eight
echo eight to echo one
echo eight to echo two
echo eight to echo three
echo eight to echo four
echo eight to echo five
echo eight to echo six
echo eight to echo seven
echo eight to foxtrot one
echo eight to foxtrot two
echo eight to foxtrot three
echo eight to foxtrot four
echo eight to foxtrot five
echo eight to foxtrot six
echo eight to foxtrot seven
echo eight to foxtrot eight
echo eight to golf one
echo eight to golf two
echo eight to golf three
echo eight to golf four
echo eight to golf five
echo eight to golf six
echo eight to golf seven
echo eight to golf eight
echo eight to hotel one
echo eight to hotel two
echo eight to hotel three
echo eight to hotel four
echo eight to hotel five
echo eight to hotel six
echo eight to hotel seven
echo eight to hotel eight
foxtrot one to alpha one
foxtrot one to alpha two
foxtrot one to alpha three
foxtrot one to alpha four
foxtrot one to alpha five
foxtrot one to alpha six
foxtrot one to alpha seven
foxtrot one to alpha eight
foxtrot one to bravo one
foxtrot one to bravo two
foxtrot one to bravo three
foxtrot one to bravo four
foxtrot one to bravo five
foxtrot one to bravo six
foxtrot one to bravo seven
foxtrot one to bravo eight
foxtrot one to charlie one
foxtrot one to charlie two
foxtrot one to charlie three
foxtrot one to charlie four
foxtrot one to charlie five
foxtrot one to charlie six
foxtrot one to charlie seven
foxtrot one to charlie eight
foxtrot one to delta one
foxtrot one to delta two
foxtrot one to delta three
foxtrot one to delta four
foxtrot one to delta five
foxtrot one to delta six
foxtrot one to delta seven
foxtrot one to delta eight
foxtrot one to echo one
foxtrot one to echo two
foxtrot one to echo three
foxtrot one to echo four
foxtrot one to echo five
foxtrot one to echo six
foxtrot one to echo seven
foxtrot one to echo eight
foxtrot one to foxtrot two
foxtrot one to foxtrot three
foxtrot one to foxtrot four
foxtrot one to foxtrot five
foxtrot one to foxtrot six
foxtrot one to foxtrot seven
foxtrot one to foxtrot eight
foxtrot one to golf one
foxtrot one to golf two
foxtrot one to golf three
foxtrot one to golf four
foxtrot one to golf five
foxtrot one to golf six
foxtrot one to golf seven
foxtrot one to golf eight
foxtrot one to hotel one
foxtrot one to hotel two
foxtrot one to hotel three
foxtrot one to hotel four
foxtrot one to hotel five
foxtrot one to hotel six
foxtrot one to hotel seven
foxtrot one to hotel eight
foxtrot two to alpha one
foxtrot two to alpha two
foxtrot two to alpha three
foxtrot two to alpha four
foxtrot two to alpha five
foxtrot two to alpha six
foxtrot two to alpha seven
foxtrot two to alpha eight
foxtrot two to bravo one
foxtrot two to bravo two
foxtrot two to bravo three
foxtrot two to bravo four
foxtrot two to bravo five
foxtrot two to bravo six
foxtrot two to bravo seven
foxtrot two to bravo eight
foxtrot two to charlie one
foxtrot two to charlie two
foxtrot two to charlie three
foxtrot two to charlie four
foxtrot two to charlie five
foxtrot two to charlie six
foxtrot two to charlie seven
foxtrot two to charlie eight
foxtrot two to delta one
foxtrot two to delta two
foxtrot two to delta three
foxtrot two to delta four
foxtrot two to delta five
foxtrot two to delta six
foxtrot two to delta seven
foxtrot two to delta eight
foxtrot two to echo one
foxtrot two to echo two
foxtrot two to echo three
foxtrot two to echo four
foxtrot two to echo five
foxtrot two to echo six
foxtrot two to echo seven
foxtrot two to echo eight
foxtrot two to foxtrot one
foxtrot two to foxtrot three
foxtrot two to foxtrot four
foxtrot two to foxtrot five
foxtrot two to foxtrot six
foxtrot two to foxtrot seven
foxtrot two to foxtrot eight
foxtrot two to golf one
foxtrot two to golf two
foxtrot two to golf three
foxtrot two to golf four
foxtrot two to golf five
foxtrot two to golf six
foxtrot two to golf seven
foxtrot two to golf eight
foxtrot two to hotel one
foxtrot two to hotel two
foxtrot two to hotel three
foxtrot two to hotel four
foxtrot two to hotel five
foxtrot two to hotel six
foxtrot two to hotel seven
foxtrot two to hotel eight
foxtrot three to alpha one
foxtrot three to alpha two
foxtrot three to alpha three
foxtrot three to alpha four
foxtrot three to alpha five
foxtrot three to alpha six
foxtrot three to alpha seven
foxtrot three to alpha eight
foxtrot three to bravo one
foxtrot three to bravo two
foxtrot three to bravo three
foxtrot three to bravo four
foxtrot three to bravo five
foxtrot three to bravo six
foxtrot three to bravo seven
foxtrot three to bravo eight
foxtrot three to charlie one
foxtrot three to charlie two
foxtrot three to charlie three
foxtrot three to charlie four
foxtrot three to charlie five
foxtrot three to charlie six
foxtrot three to charlie seven
foxtrot three to charlie eight
foxtrot three to delta one
foxtrot three to delta two
foxtrot three to delta three
foxtrot three to delta four
foxtrot three to delta five
foxtrot three to delta six
foxtrot three to delta seven
foxtrot three to delta eight
foxtrot three to echo one
foxtrot three to echo two
foxtrot three to echo three
foxtrot three to echo four
foxtrot three to echo five
foxtrot three to echo six
foxtrot three to echo seven
foxtrot three to echo eight
foxtrot three to foxtrot one
foxtrot three to foxtrot two
foxtrot three to foxtrot four
foxtrot three to foxtrot five
foxtrot three to foxtrot six
foxtrot three to foxtrot seven
foxtrot three to foxtrot eight
foxtrot three to golf one
foxtrot three to golf two
foxtrot three to golf three
foxtrot three to golf four
foxtrot three to golf five
foxtrot three to golf six
foxtrot three to golf seven
foxtrot three to golf eight
foxtrot three to hotel one
foxtrot three to hotel two
foxtrot three to hotel three
foxtrot three to hotel four
foxtrot three to hotel five
foxtrot three to hotel six
foxtrot three to hotel seven
foxtrot three to hotel eight
foxtrot four to alpha one
foxtrot four to alpha two
foxtrot four to alpha three
foxtrot four to alpha four
foxtrot four to alpha five
foxtrot four to alpha six
foxtrot four to alpha seven
foxtrot four to alpha eight
foxtrot four to bravo one
foxtrot four to bravo two
foxtrot four to bravo three
foxtrot four to bravo four
foxtrot four to bravo five
foxtrot four to bravo six
foxtrot four to bravo seven
foxtrot four to bravo eight
foxtrot four to charlie one
foxtrot four to charlie two
foxtrot four to charlie three
foxtrot four to charlie four
foxtrot four to charlie five
foxtrot four to charlie six
foxtrot four to charlie seven
foxtrot four to charlie eight
foxtrot four to delta one
foxtrot four to delta two
foxtrot four to delta three
foxtrot four to delta four
foxtrot four to delta five
foxtrot four to delta six
foxtrot four to delta seven
foxtrot four to delta eight
foxtrot four to echo one
foxtrot four to echo two
foxtrot four to echo three
foxtrot four to echo four
foxtrot four to echo five
foxtrot four to echo six
foxtrot four to echo seven
foxtrot four to echo eight
foxtrot four to foxtrot one
foxtrot four to foxtrot two
foxtrot four to foxtrot three
foxtrot four to foxtrot five
foxtrot four to foxtrot six
foxtrot four to foxtrot seven
foxtrot four to foxtrot eight
foxtrot four to golf one
foxtrot four to golf two
foxtrot four to golf three
foxtrot four to golf four
foxtrot four to golf five
foxtrot four to golf six
foxtrot four to golf seven
foxtrot four to golf eight
foxtrot four to hotel one
foxtrot four to hotel two
foxtrot four to hotel three
foxtrot four to hotel four
foxtrot four to hotel five
foxtrot four to hotel six
foxtrot four to hotel seven
foxtrot four to hotel eight
foxtrot five to alpha one
foxtrot five to alpha two
foxtrot five to alpha three
foxtrot five to alpha four
foxtrot five to alpha five
foxtrot five to alpha six
foxtrot five to alpha seven
foxtrot five to alpha eight
foxtrot five to bravo one
foxtrot five to bravo two
foxtrot five to bravo three
foxtrot five to bravo four
foxtrot five to bravo five
foxtrot five to bravo six
foxtrot five to bravo seven
foxtrot five to bravo eight
foxtrot five to charlie one
foxtrot five to charlie two
foxtrot five to charlie three
foxtrot five to charlie four
foxtrot five to charlie five
foxtrot five to charlie six
foxtrot five to charlie seven
foxtrot five to charlie eight
foxtrot five to delta one
foxtrot five to delta two
foxtrot five to delta three
foxtrot five to delta four
foxtrot five to delta five
foxtrot five to delta six
foxtrot five to delta seven
foxtrot five to delta eight
foxtrot five to echo one
foxtrot five to echo two
foxtrot five to echo three
foxtrot five to echo four
foxtrot five to echo five
foxtrot five to echo six
foxtrot five to echo seven
foxtrot five to echo eight
foxtrot five to foxtrot one
foxtrot five to foxtrot two
foxtrot five to foxtrot three
foxtrot five to foxtrot four
foxtrot five to foxtrot six
foxtrot five to foxtrot seven
foxtrot five to foxtrot eight
foxtrot five to golf one
foxtrot five to golf two
foxtrot five to golf three
foxtrot five to golf four
foxtrot five to golf five
foxtrot five to golf six
foxtrot five to golf seven
foxtrot five to golf eight
foxtrot five to hotel one
foxtrot five to hotel two
foxtrot five to hotel three
foxtrot five to hotel four
foxtrot five to hotel five
foxtrot five to hotel six
foxtrot five to hotel seven
foxtrot five to hotel eight
foxtrot six to alpha one
foxtrot six to alpha two
foxtrot six to alpha three
foxtrot six to alpha four
foxtrot six to alpha five
foxtrot six to alpha six
foxtrot six to alpha seven
foxtrot six to alpha eight
foxtrot six to bravo one
foxtrot six to bravo two
foxtrot six to bravo three
foxtrot six to bravo four
foxtrot six to bravo five
foxtrot six to bravo six
foxtrot six to bravo seven
foxtrot six to bravo eight
foxtrot six to charlie one
foxtrot six to charlie two
foxtrot six to charlie three
foxtrot six to charlie four
foxtrot six to charlie five
foxtrot six to charlie six
foxtrot six to charlie seven
foxtrot six to charlie eight
foxtrot six to delta one
foxtrot six to delta two
foxtrot six to delta three
foxtrot six to delta four
foxtrot six to delta five
foxtrot six to delta six
foxtrot six to delta seven
foxtrot six to delta eight
foxtrot six to echo one
foxtrot six to echo two
foxtrot six to echo three
foxtrot six to echo four
foxtrot six to echo five
foxtrot six to echo six
foxtrot six to echo seven
foxtrot six to echo eight
foxtrot six to foxtrot one
foxtrot six to foxtrot two
foxtrot six to foxtrot three
foxtrot six to foxtrot four
foxtrot six to foxtrot five
foxtrot six to foxtrot seven
foxtrot six to foxtrot eight
foxtrot six to golf one
foxtrot six to golf two
foxtrot six to golf three
foxtrot six to golf four
foxtrot six to golf five
foxtrot six to golf six
foxtrot six to golf seven
foxtrot six to golf eight
foxtrot six to hotel one
foxtrot six to hotel two
foxtrot six to hotel three
foxtrot six to hotel four
foxtrot six to hotel five
foxtrot six to hotel six
foxtrot six to hotel seven
foxtrot six to hotel eight
foxtrot seven to alpha one
foxtrot seven to alpha two
foxtrot seven to alpha three
foxtrot seven to alpha four
foxtrot seven to alpha five
foxtrot seven to alpha six
foxtrot seven to alpha seven
foxtrot seven to alpha eight
foxtrot seven to bravo one
foxtrot seven to bravo two
foxtrot seven to bravo three
foxtrot seven to bravo four
foxtrot seven to bravo five
foxtrot seven to bravo six
foxtrot seven to bravo seven
foxtrot seven to bravo eight
foxtrot seven to charlie one
foxtrot seven to charlie two
foxtrot seven to charlie three
foxtrot seven to charlie four
foxtrot seven to charlie five
foxtrot seven to charlie six
foxtrot seven to charlie seven
foxtrot seven to charlie eight
foxtrot seven to delta one
foxtrot seven to delta two
foxtrot seven to delta three
foxtrot seven to delta four
foxtrot seven to delta five
foxtrot seven to delta six
foxtrot seven to delta seven
foxtrot seven to delta eight
foxtrot seven to echo one
foxtrot seven to echo two
foxtrot seven to echo three
foxtrot seven to echo four
foxtrot seven to echo five
foxtrot seven to echo six
foxtrot seven to echo seven
foxtrot seven to echo eight
foxtrot seven to foxtrot one
foxtrot seven to foxtrot two
foxtrot seven to foxtrot three
foxtrot seven to foxtrot four
foxtrot seven to foxtrot five
foxtrot seven to foxtrot six
foxtrot seven to foxtrot eight
foxtrot seven to golf one
foxtrot seven to golf two
foxtrot seven to golf three
foxtrot seven to golf four
foxtrot seven to golf five
foxtrot seven to golf six
foxtrot seven to golf seven
foxtrot seven to golf eight
foxtrot seven to hotel one
foxtrot seven to hotel two
foxtrot seven to hotel three
foxtrot seven to hotel four
foxtrot seven to hotel five
foxtrot seven to hotel six
foxtrot seven to hotel seven
foxtrot seven to hotel eight
foxtrot eight to alpha one
foxtrot eight to alpha two
foxtrot eight to alpha three
foxtrot eight to alpha four
foxtrot eight to alpha five
foxtrot eight to alpha six
foxtrot eight to alpha seven
foxtrot eight to alpha eight
foxtrot eight to bravo one
foxtrot eight to bravo two
foxtrot eight to bravo three
foxtrot eight to bravo four
foxtrot eight to bravo five
foxtrot eight to bravo six
foxtrot eight to bravo seven
foxtrot eight to bravo eight
foxtrot eight to charlie one
foxtrot eight to charlie two
foxtrot eight to charlie three
foxtrot eight to charlie four
foxtrot eight to charlie five
foxtrot eight to charlie six
foxtrot eight to charlie seven
foxtrot eight to charlie eight
foxtrot eight to delta one
foxtrot eight to delta two
foxtrot eight to delta three
foxtrot eight to delta four
foxtrot eight to delta five
foxtrot eight to delta six
foxtrot eight to delta seven
foxtrot eight to delta eight
foxtrot eight to echo one
foxtrot eight to echo two
foxtrot eight to echo three
foxtrot eight to echo four
foxtrot eight to echo five
foxtrot eight to echo six
foxtrot eight to echo seven
foxtrot eight to echo eight
foxtrot eight to foxtrot one
foxtrot eight to foxtrot two
foxtrot eight to foxtrot three
foxtrot eight to foxtrot four
foxtrot eight to foxtrot five
foxtrot eight to foxtrot six
foxtrot eight to foxtrot seven
foxtrot eight to golf one
foxtrot eight to golf two
foxtrot eight to golf three
foxtrot eight to golf four
foxtrot eight to golf five
foxtrot eight to golf six
foxtrot eight to golf seven
foxtrot eight to golf eight
foxtrot eight to hotel one
foxtrot eight to hotel two
foxtrot eight to hotel three
foxtrot eight to hotel four
foxtrot eight to hotel five
foxtrot eight to hotel six
foxtrot eight to hotel seven
foxtrot eight to hotel eight
golf one to alpha one
golf one to alpha two
golf one to alpha three
golf one to alpha four
golf one to alpha five
golf one to alpha six
golf one to alpha seven
golf one to alpha eight
golf one to bravo one
golf one to bravo two
golf one to bravo three
golf one to bravo four
golf one to bravo five
golf one to bravo six
golf one to bravo seven
golf one to bravo eight
golf one to charlie one
golf one to charlie two
golf one to charlie three
golf one to charlie four
golf one to charlie five
golf one to charlie six
golf one to charlie seven
golf one to charlie eight
golf one to delta one
golf one to delta two
golf one to delta three
golf one to delta four
golf one to delta five
golf one to delta six
golf one to delta seven
golf one to delta eight
golf one to echo one
golf one to echo two
golf one to echo three
golf one to echo four
golf one to echo five
golf one to echo six
golf one to echo seven
golf one to echo eight
golf one to foxtrot one
golf one to foxtrot two
golf one to foxtrot three
golf one to foxtrot four
golf one to foxtrot five
golf one to foxtrot six
golf one to foxtrot seven
golf one to foxtrot eight
golf one to golf two
golf one to golf three
golf one to golf four
golf one to golf five
golf one to golf six
golf one to golf seven
golf one to golf eight
golf one to hotel one
golf one to hotel two
golf one to hotel three
golf one to hotel four
golf one to hotel five
golf one to hotel six
golf one to hotel seven
golf one to hotel eight
golf two to alpha one
golf two to alpha two
golf two to alpha three
golf two to alpha four
golf two to alpha five
golf two to alpha six
golf two to alpha seven
golf two to alpha eight
golf two to bravo one
golf two to bravo two
golf two to bravo three
golf two to bravo four
golf two to bravo five
golf two to bravo six
golf two to bravo seven
golf two to bravo eight
golf two to charlie one
golf two to charlie two
golf two to charlie three
golf two to charlie four
golf two to charlie five
golf two to charlie six
golf two to charlie seven
golf two to charlie eight
golf two to delta one
golf two to delta two
golf two to delta three
golf two to delta four
golf two to delta five
golf two to delta six
golf two to delta seven
golf two to delta eight
golf two to echo one
golf two to echo two
golf two to echo three
golf two to echo four
golf two to echo five
golf two to echo six
golf two to echo seven
golf two to echo eight
golf two to foxtrot one
golf two to foxtrot two
golf two to foxtrot three
golf two to foxtrot four
golf two to foxtrot five
golf two to foxtrot six
golf two to foxtrot seven
golf two to foxtrot eight
golf two to golf one
golf two to golf three
golf two to golf four
golf two to golf five
golf two to golf six
golf two to golf seven
golf two to golf eight
golf two to hotel one
golf two to hotel two
golf two to hotel three
golf two to hotel four
golf two to hotel five
golf two to hotel six
golf two to hotel seven
golf two to hotel eight
golf three to alpha one
golf three to alpha two
golf three to alpha three
golf three to alpha four
golf three to alpha five
golf three to alpha six
golf three to alpha seven
golf three to alpha eight
golf three to bravo one
golf three to bravo two
golf three to bravo three
golf three to bravo four
golf three to bravo five
golf three to bravo six
golf three to bravo seven
golf three to bravo eight
golf three to charlie one
golf three to charlie two
golf three to charlie three
golf three to charlie four
golf three to charlie five
golf three to charlie six
golf three to charlie seven
golf three to charlie eight
golf three to delta one
golf three to delta two
golf three to delta three
golf three to delta four
golf three to delta five
golf three to delta six
golf three to delta seven
golf three to delta eight
golf three to echo one
golf three to echo two
golf three to echo three
golf three to echo four
golf three to echo five
golf three to echo six
golf three to echo seven
golf three to echo eight
golf three to foxtrot one
golf three to foxtrot two
golf three to foxtrot three
golf three to foxtrot four
golf three to foxtrot five
golf three to foxtrot six
golf three to foxtrot seven
golf three to foxtrot eight
golf three to golf one
golf three to golf two
golf three to golf four
golf three to golf five
golf three to golf six
golf three to golf seven
golf three to golf eight
golf three to hotel one
golf three to hotel two
golf three to hotel three
golf three to hotel four
golf three to hotel five
golf three to hotel six
golf three to hotel seven
golf three to hotel eight
golf four to alpha one
golf four to alpha two
golf four to alpha three
golf four to alpha four
golf four to alpha five
golf four to alpha six
golf four to alpha seven
golf four to alpha eight
golf four to bravo one
golf four to bravo two
golf four to bravo three
golf four to bravo four
golf four to bravo five
golf four to bravo six
golf four to bravo seven
golf four to bravo eight
golf four to charlie one
golf four to charlie two
golf four to charlie three
golf four to charlie four
golf four to charlie five
golf four to charlie six
golf four to charlie seven
golf four to charlie eight
golf four to delta one
golf four to delta two
golf four to delta three
golf four to delta four
golf four to delta five
golf four to delta six
golf four to delta seven
golf four to delta eight
golf four to echo one
golf four to echo two
golf four to echo three
golf four to echo four
golf four to echo five
golf four to echo six
golf four to echo seven
golf four to echo eight
golf four to foxtrot one
golf four to foxtrot two
golf four to foxtrot three
golf four to foxtrot four
golf four to foxtrot five
golf four to foxtrot six
golf four to foxtrot seven
golf four to foxtrot eight
golf four to golf one
golf four to golf two
golf four to golf three
golf four to golf five
golf four to golf six
golf four to golf seven
golf four to golf eight
golf four to hotel one
golf four to hotel two
golf four to hotel three
golf four to hotel four
golf four to hotel five
golf four to hotel six
golf four to hotel seven
golf four to hotel eight
golf five to alpha one
golf five to alpha two
golf five to alpha three
golf five to alpha four
golf five to alpha five
golf five to alpha six
golf five to alpha seven
golf five to alpha eight
golf five to bravo one
golf five to bravo two
golf five to bravo three
golf five to bravo four
golf five to bravo five
golf five to bravo six
golf five to bravo seven
golf five to bravo eight
golf five to charlie one
golf five to charlie two
golf five to charlie three
golf five to charlie four
golf five to charlie five
golf five to charlie six
golf five to charlie seven
golf five to charlie eight
golf five to delta one
golf five to delta two
golf five to delta three
golf five to delta four
golf five to delta five
golf five to delta six
golf five to delta seven
golf five to delta eight
golf five to echo one
golf five to echo two
golf five to echo three
golf five to echo four
golf five to echo five
golf five to echo six
golf five to echo seven
golf five to echo eight
golf five to foxtrot one
golf five to foxtrot two
golf five to foxtrot three
golf five to foxtrot four
golf five to foxtrot five
golf five to foxtrot six
golf five to foxtrot seven
golf five to foxtrot eight
golf five to golf one
golf five to golf two
golf five to golf three
golf five to golf four
golf five to golf six
golf five to golf seven
golf five to golf eight
golf five to hotel one
golf five to hotel two
golf five to hotel three
golf five to hotel four
golf five to hotel five
golf five to hotel six
golf five to hotel seven
golf five to hotel eight
golf six to alpha one
golf six to alpha two
golf six to alpha three
golf six to alpha four
golf six to alpha five
golf six to alpha six
golf six to alpha seven
golf six to alpha eight
golf six to bravo one
golf six to bravo two
golf six to bravo three
golf six to bravo four
golf six to bravo five
golf six to bravo six
golf six to bravo seven
golf six to bravo eight
golf six to charlie one
golf six to charlie two
golf six to charlie three
golf six to charlie four
golf six to charlie five
golf six to charlie six
golf six to charlie seven
golf six to charlie eight
golf six to delta one
golf six to delta two
golf six to delta three
golf six to delta four
golf six to delta five
golf six to delta six
golf six to delta seven
golf six to delta eight
golf six to echo one
golf six to echo two
golf six to echo three
golf six to echo four
golf six to echo five
golf six to echo six
golf six to echo seven
golf six to echo eight
golf six to foxtrot one
golf six to foxtrot two
golf six to foxtrot three
golf six to foxtrot four
golf six to foxtrot five
golf six to foxtrot six
golf six to foxtrot seven
golf six to foxtrot eight
golf six to golf one
golf six to golf two
golf six to golf three
golf six to golf four
golf six to golf five
golf six to golf seven
golf six to golf eight
golf six to hotel one
golf six to hotel two
golf six to hotel three
golf six to hotel four
golf six to hotel five
golf six to hotel six
golf six to hotel seven
golf six to hotel eight
golf seven to alpha one
golf seven to alpha two
golf seven to alpha three
golf seven to alpha four
golf seven to alpha five
golf seven to alpha six
golf seven to alpha seven
golf seven to alpha eight
golf seven to bravo one
golf seven to bravo two
golf seven to bravo three
golf seven to bravo four
golf seven to bravo five
golf seven to bravo six
golf seven to bravo seven
golf seven to bravo eight
golf seven to charlie one
golf seven to charlie two
golf seven to charlie three
golf seven to charlie four
golf seven to charlie five
golf seven to charlie six
golf seven to charlie seven
golf seven to charlie eight
golf seven to delta one
golf seven to delta two
golf seven to delta three
golf seven to delta four
golf seven to delta five
golf seven to delta six
golf seven to delta seven
golf seven to delta eight
golf seven to echo one
golf seven to echo two
golf seven to echo three
golf seven to echo four
golf seven to echo five
golf seven to echo six
golf seven to echo seven
golf seven to echo eight
golf seven to foxtrot one
golf seven to foxtrot two
golf seven to foxtrot three
golf seven to foxtrot four
golf seven to foxtrot five
golf seven to foxtrot six
golf seven to foxtrot seven
golf seven to foxtrot eight
golf seven to golf one
golf seven to golf two
golf seven to golf three
golf seven to golf four
golf seven to golf five
golf seven to golf six
golf seven to golf eight
golf seven to hotel one
golf seven to hotel two
golf seven to hotel three
golf seven to hotel four
golf seven to hotel five
golf seven to hotel six
golf seven to hotel seven
golf seven to hotel eight
golf eight to alpha one
golf eight to alpha two
golf eight to alpha three
golf eight to alpha four
golf eight to alpha five
golf eight to alpha six
golf eight to alpha seven
golf eight to alpha eight
golf eight to bravo one
golf eight to bravo two
golf eight to bravo three
golf eight to bravo four
golf eight to bravo five
golf eight to bravo six
golf eight to bravo seven
golf eight to bravo eight
golf eight to charlie one
golf eight to charlie two
golf eight to charlie three
golf eight to charlie four
golf eight to charlie five
golf eight to charlie six
golf eight to charlie seven
golf eight to charlie eight
golf eight to delta one
golf eight to delta two
golf eight to delta three
golf eight to delta four
golf eight to delta five
golf eight to delta six
golf eight to delta seven
golf eight to delta eight
golf eight to echo one
golf eight to echo two
golf eight to echo three
golf eight to echo four
golf eight to echo five
golf eight to echo six
golf eight to echo seven
golf eight to echo eight
golf eight to foxtrot one
golf eight to foxtrot two
golf eight to foxtrot three
golf eight to foxtrot four
golf eight to foxtrot five
golf eight to foxtrot six
golf eight to foxtrot seven
golf eight to foxtrot eight
golf eight to golf one
golf eight to golf two
golf eight to golf three
golf eight to golf four
golf eight to golf five
golf eight to golf six
golf eight to golf seven
golf eight to hotel one
golf eight to hotel two
golf eight to hotel three
golf eight to hotel four
golf eight to hotel five
golf eight to hotel six
golf eight to hotel seven
golf eight to hotel eight
hotel one to alpha one
hotel one to alpha two
hotel one to alpha three
hotel one to alpha four
hotel one to alpha five
hotel one to alpha six
hotel one to alpha seven
hotel one to alpha eight
hotel one to bravo one
hotel one to bravo two
hotel one to bravo three
hotel one to bravo four
hotel one to bravo five
hotel one to bravo six
hotel one to bravo seven
hotel one to bravo eight
hotel one to charlie one
hotel one to charlie two
hotel one to charlie three
hotel one to charlie four
hotel one to charlie five
hotel one to charlie six
hotel one to charlie seven
hotel one to charlie eight
hotel one to delta one
hotel one to delta two
hotel one to delta three
hotel one to delta four
hotel one to delta five
hotel one to delta six
hotel one to delta seven
hotel one to delta eight
hotel one to echo one
hotel one to echo two
hotel one to echo three
hotel one to echo four
hotel one to echo five
hotel one to echo six
hotel one to echo seven
hotel one to echo eight
hotel one to foxtrot one
hotel one to foxtrot two
hotel one to foxtrot three
hotel one to foxtrot four
hotel one to foxtrot five
hotel one to foxtrot six
hotel one to foxtrot seven
hotel one to foxtrot eight
hotel one to golf one
hotel one to golf two
hotel one to golf three
hotel one to golf four
hotel one to golf five
hotel one to golf six
hotel one to golf seven
hotel one to golf eight
hotel one to hotel two
hotel one to hotel three
hotel one to hotel four
hotel one to hotel five
hotel one to hotel six
hotel one to hotel seven
hotel one to hotel eight
hotel two to alpha one
hotel two to alpha two
hotel two to alpha three
hotel two to alpha four
hotel two to alpha five
hotel two to alpha six
hotel two to alpha seven
hotel two to alpha eight
hotel two to bravo one
hotel two to bravo two
hotel two to bravo three
hotel two to bravo four
hotel two to bravo five
hotel two to bravo six
hotel two to bravo seven
hotel two to bravo eight
hotel two to charlie one
hotel two to charlie two
hotel two to charlie three
hotel two to charlie four
hotel two to charlie five
hotel two to charlie six
hotel two to charlie seven
hotel two to charlie eight
hotel two to delta one
hotel two to delta two
hotel two to delta three
hotel two to delta four
hotel two to delta five
hotel two to delta six
hotel two to delta seven
hotel two to delta eight
hotel two to echo one
hotel two to echo two
hotel two to echo three
hotel two to echo four
hotel two to echo five
hotel two to echo six
hotel two to echo seven
hotel two to echo eight
hotel two to foxtrot one
hotel two to foxtrot two
hotel two to foxtrot three
hotel two to foxtrot four
hotel two to foxtrot five
hotel two to foxtrot six
hotel two to foxtrot seven
hotel two to foxtrot eight
hotel two to golf one
hotel two to golf two
hotel two to golf three
hotel two to golf four
hotel two to golf five
hotel two to golf six
hotel two to golf seven
hotel two to golf eight
hotel two to hotel one
hotel two to hotel three
hotel two to hotel four
hotel two to hotel five
hotel two to hotel six
hotel two to hotel seven
hotel two to hotel eight
hotel three to alpha one
hotel three to alpha two
hotel three to alpha three
hotel three to alpha four
hotel three to alpha five
hotel three to alpha six
hotel three to alpha seven
hotel three to alpha eight
hotel three to bravo one
hotel three to bravo two
hotel three to bravo three
hotel three to bravo four
hotel three to bravo five
hotel three to bravo six
hotel three to bravo seven
hotel three to bravo eight
hotel three to charlie one
hotel three to charlie two
hotel three to charlie three
hotel three to charlie four
hotel three to charlie five
hotel three to charlie six
hotel three to charlie seven
hotel three to charlie eight
hotel three to delta one
hotel three to delta two
hotel three to delta three
hotel three to delta four
hotel three to delta five
hotel three to delta six
hotel three to delta seven
hotel three to delta eight
hotel three to echo one
hotel three to echo two
hotel three to echo three
hotel three to echo four
hotel three to echo five
hotel three to echo six
hotel three to echo seven
hotel three to echo eight
hotel three to foxtrot one
hotel three to foxtrot two
hotel three to foxtrot three
hotel three to foxtrot four
hotel three to foxtrot five
hotel three to foxtrot six
hotel three to foxtrot seven
hotel three to foxtrot eight
hotel three to golf one
hotel three to golf two
hotel three to golf three
hotel three to golf four
hotel three to golf five
hotel three to golf six
hotel three to golf seven
hotel three to golf eight
hotel three to hotel one
hotel three to hotel two
hotel three to hotel four
hotel three to hotel five
hotel three to hotel six
hotel three to hotel seven
hotel three to hotel eight
hotel four to alpha one
hotel four to alpha two
hotel four to alpha three
hotel four to alpha four
hotel four to alpha five
hotel four to alpha six
hotel four to alpha seven
hotel four to alpha eight
hotel four to bravo one
hotel four to bravo two
hotel four to bravo three
hotel four to bravo four
hotel four to bravo five
hotel four to bravo six
hotel four to bravo seven
hotel four to bravo eight
hotel four to charlie one
hotel four to charlie two
hotel four to charlie three
hotel four to charlie four
hotel four to charlie five
hotel four to charlie six
hotel four to charlie seven
hotel four to charlie eight
hotel four to delta one
hotel four to delta two
hotel four to delta three
hotel four to delta four
hotel four to delta five
hotel four to delta six
hotel four to delta seven
hotel four to delta eight
hotel four to echo one
hotel four to echo two
hotel four to echo three
hotel four to echo four
hotel four to echo five
hotel four to echo six
hotel four to echo seven
hotel four to echo eight
hotel four to foxtrot one
hotel four to foxtrot two
hotel four to foxtrot three
hotel four to foxtrot four
hotel four to foxtrot five
hotel four to foxtrot six
hotel four to foxtrot seven
hotel four to foxtrot eight
hotel four to golf one
hotel four to golf two
hotel four to golf three
hotel four to golf four
hotel four to golf five
hotel four to golf six
hotel four to golf seven
hotel four to golf eight
hotel four to hotel one
hotel four to hotel two
hotel four to hotel three
hotel four to hotel five
hotel four to hotel six
hotel four to hotel seven
hotel four to hotel eight
hotel five to alpha one
hotel five to alpha two
hotel five to alpha three
hotel five to alpha four
hotel five to alpha five
hotel five to alpha six
hotel five to alpha seven
hotel five to alpha eight
hotel five to bravo one
hotel five to bravo two
hotel five to bravo three
hotel five to bravo four
hotel five to bravo five
hotel five to bravo six
hotel five to bravo seven
hotel five to bravo eight
hotel five to charlie one
hotel five to charlie two
hotel five to charlie three
hotel five to charlie four
hotel five to charlie five
hotel five to charlie six
hotel five to charlie seven
hotel five to charlie eight
hotel five to delta one
hotel five to delta two
hotel five to delta three
hotel five to delta four
hotel five to delta five
hotel five to delta six
hotel five to delta seven
hotel five to delta eight
hotel five to echo one
hotel five to echo two
hotel five to echo three
hotel five to echo four
hotel five to echo five
hotel five to echo six
hotel five to echo seven
hotel five to echo eight
hotel five to foxtrot one
hotel five to foxtrot two
hotel five to foxtrot three
hotel five to foxtrot four
hotel five to foxtrot five
hotel five to foxtrot six
hotel five to foxtrot seven
hotel five to foxtrot eight
hotel five to golf one
hotel five to golf two
hotel five to golf three
hotel five to golf four
hotel five to golf five
hotel five to golf six
hotel five to golf seven
hotel five to golf eight
hotel five to hotel one
hotel five to hotel two
hotel five to hotel three
hotel five to hotel four
hotel five to hotel six
hotel five to hotel seven
hotel five to hotel eight
hotel six to alpha one
hotel six to alpha two
hotel six to alpha three
hotel six to alpha four
hotel six to alpha five
hotel six to alpha six
hotel six to alpha seven
hotel six to alpha eight
hotel six to bravo one
hotel six to bravo two
hotel six to bravo three
hotel six to bravo four
hotel six to bravo five
hotel six to bravo six
hotel six to bravo seven
hotel six to bravo eight
hotel six to charlie one
hotel six to charlie two
hotel six to charlie three
hotel six to charlie four
hotel six to charlie five
hotel six to charlie six
hotel six to charlie seven
hotel six to charlie eight
hotel six to delta one
hotel six to delta two
hotel six to delta three
hotel six to delta four
hotel six to delta five
hotel six to delta six
hotel six to delta seven
hotel six to delta eight
hotel six to echo one
hotel six to echo two
hotel six to echo three
hotel six to echo four
hotel six to echo five
hotel six to echo six
hotel six to echo seven
hotel six to echo eight
hotel six to foxtrot one
hotel six to foxtrot two
hotel six to foxtrot three
hotel six to foxtrot four
hotel six to foxtrot five
hotel six to foxtrot six
hotel six to foxtrot seven
hotel six to foxtrot eight
hotel six to golf one
hotel six to golf two
hotel six to golf three
hotel six to golf four
hotel six to golf five
hotel six to golf six
hotel six to golf seven
hotel six to golf eight
hotel six to hotel one
hotel six to hotel two
hotel six to hotel three
hotel six to hotel four
hotel six to hotel five
hotel six to hotel seven
hotel six to hotel eight
hotel seven to alpha one
hotel seven to alpha two
hotel seven to alpha three
hotel seven to alpha four
hotel seven to alpha five
hotel seven to alpha six
hotel seven to alpha seven
hotel seven to alpha eight
hotel seven to bravo one
hotel seven to bravo two
hotel seven to bravo three
hotel seven to bravo four
hotel seven to bravo five
hotel seven to bravo six
hotel seven to bravo seven
hotel seven to bravo eight
hotel seven to charlie one
hotel seven to charlie two
hotel seven to charlie three
hotel seven to charlie four
hotel seven to charlie five
hotel seven to charlie six
hotel seven to charlie seven
hotel seven to charlie eight
hotel seven to delta one
hotel seven to delta two
hotel seven to delta three
hotel seven to delta four
hotel seven to delta five
hotel seven to delta six
hotel seven to delta seven
hotel seven to delta eight
hotel seven to echo one
hotel seven to echo two
hotel seven to echo three
hotel seven to echo four
hotel seven to echo five
hotel seven to echo six
hotel seven to echo seven
hotel seven to echo eight
hotel seven to foxtrot one
hotel seven to foxtrot two
hotel seven to foxtrot three
hotel seven to foxtrot four
hotel seven to foxtrot five
hotel seven to foxtrot six
hotel seven to foxtrot seven
hotel seven to foxtrot eight
hotel seven to golf one
hotel seven to golf two
hotel seven to golf three
hotel seven to golf four
hotel seven to golf five
hotel seven to golf six
hotel seven to golf seven
hotel seven to golf eight
hotel seven to hotel one
hotel seven to hotel two
hotel seven to hotel three
hotel seven to hotel four
hotel seven to hotel five
hotel seven to hotel six
hotel seven to hotel eight
hotel eight to alpha one
hotel eight to alpha two
hotel eight to alpha three
hotel eight to alpha four
hotel eight to alpha five
hotel eight to alpha six
hotel eight to alpha seven
hotel eight to alpha eight
hotel eight to bravo one
hotel eight to bravo two
hotel eight to bravo three
hotel eight to bravo four
hotel eight to bravo five
hotel eight to bravo six
hotel eight to bravo seven
hotel eight to bravo eight
hotel eight to charlie one
hotel eight to charlie two
hotel eight to charlie three
hotel eight to charlie four
hotel eight to charlie five
hotel eight to charlie six
hotel eight to charlie seven
hotel eight to charlie eight
hotel eight to delta one
hotel eight to delta two
hotel eight to delta three
hotel eight to delta four
hotel eight to delta five
hotel eight to delta six
hotel eight to delta seven
hotel eight to delta eight
hotel eight to echo one
hotel eight to echo two
hotel eight to echo three
hotel eight to echo four
hotel eight to echo five
hotel eight to echo six
hotel eight to echo seven
hotel eight to echo eight
hotel eight to foxtrot one
hotel eight to foxtrot two
hotel eight to foxtrot three
hotel eight to foxtrot four
hotel eight to foxtrot five
hotel eight to foxtrot six
hotel eight to foxtrot seven
hotel eight to foxtrot eight
hotel eight to golf one
hotel eight to golf two
hotel eight to golf three
hotel eight to golf four
hotel eight to golf five
hotel eight to golf six
hotel eight to golf seven
hotel eight to golf eight
hotel eight to hotel one
hotel eight to hotel two
hotel eight to hotel three
hotel eight to hotel four
hotel eight to hotel five
hotel eight to hotel six
hotel eight to hotel seven